Fixed ImageBitmap memory leak (#7995)
cvat-ai/cvat: changelog.d/20240606_134734_boris_bitmap_memoryleak.md

### Fixed

> - Significant memory leak when ImageBitmap objects are not closed

Author: ```suggestion
- Significant memory leak related to the frames, which did not memory after become unused
```
